# text to speech 2016-6-14-15-33

Nnj. If you can get like a sells kind one of the smallest pretty building blocks like like. Jn conception is sort of like. The small Spodnji. Things. She. And. Yeah. A lot. Growing things easily. You know and we slice with things. Because. Things. So yeah ideology as far as well. It kind of scared was. Yes anything more dnmt. Cases classified objectified things. Difference between. Scott nchweiler parties. So language is often very much. The. He's former. He's. John. Comes from slack. Share xn. Jackson well. Nnj. Yeah classifications. So we could like saying. Parts of the proposition dnmt. Melanie's round shapes. TeenNick hands. Right yeah mt yeah and. Sn. Just do you like to create example owl. Enter your nnhs. I mean like you kn certain like. Well Leanna or. Look what it's less concrete similar type performance Harris's. So this is a good example acting. This is absolutely right I shouldnt like. Mtn. We see performance. Like. We come with all these models are here. I was a lot cheaper discreetly. Prescribes. As we watch nt brains product. Using this model is to sort of describe. Well. I understand seems like way we see something that highlights scissors. You know and it makes for some of the problems places like nmap sentences. So there's like. We might be either and that only affect. My CD more testing but even more so consultants. Response gesture. He should. Which. Nnhs just. He's. Critics. Use a lot alike program responses nnj. Yeah. And that that's what made me think about words like you guys like. Because you can post didn. And nbsp looking upward which. Okay so to speak. Performance community will say you know this is like dnmt. Didn't like. And nbsp loud around you. Well thats nnj like. Another. Thing like what is actually happening sometimes if you're not playing with him. Shinji. Album lyrics. If you're using it when you say. Sorry. Also beautiful dnmt. I think that. You dnmt what the person actually trying. Nnat were. We're trying to do like you know. Ask DIY nnat. Through the chair. You nndb nndb. Being around this is like like explain how it actually if you look. Share or else which was actually sent here botcon about. Start arguing. Well that's. Leann. Performance guys. Me nnat nnat. Leann nnj. And nbsp. Especially. But. So if anything Ennore. Maybe it is. Towards function. So that like just enumerated. Pants isn. Work functions nnj. Exactly interesting example people making comments beautiful sick social function makes the scenery. You know they got something. Certainly is interesting also. Locking. Asks where like confirming that. Well. Just. What is Unni. Because I feel like. Test the law qualities we look for reification nonpartisan straight than ours second. So polytechnic plainness. Really find some. You think that's where affect. Where. More consideration those things happen Opry. Why penknife. Yeah nndb nndb. Yeah but what about. The. And what about yourself. Lock yourself. Absolutely awesome. Their conversation. Had. Yeah Vikings. Just. Mt. Yeah. Eva and. Nndb. Nnj. Isnt. Useful we're. Meetings current. That not only not. Utilization. Which if I didn. Classes. And if you like you said the holidays. I'll. If you just really have to say. Well don't you Algieri. It. Here. Do you think. Well I didn. You tend to. Which. I'm. The. So I don't really understand. Maggi. My. Changed because I think it's been presented to me often directly ontology mn ology embrace again them nowhere nnj. System administrator cattle. To get back. Category. And nbsp small business model in the last. For. I don't know I don't think. Wave and it was it SNEP. Yeah I mean yeah it backwards. Nndb this model very much. How. Having like Alexis Seamus. Many languages yeah. Forms which. Apply. Sentimentality. Leann. I think apologies nd. And. Morton can't be. It's me ad slipped. Well I think that. This is Margie very much. Learn. Yeah here's. It is true that here is. Obviously. I. Rain. French is. So. Unfortunately most. You know dnmt. Here's. Two years. I'm. Okay anthology starts. Wow. Well. Yeah I mean is there is a lot. Yeah. Jn. System. Yes. I. He. Uhhuh. Just nndb nndb. Edn. Three things. When he. TeenNick rations sevens nndb. My. Action. You know nnj basically. Jn. And nbsp. And some parents. Which some. Ladies. All those. What makes this like this. You know what dnmt. Thank. Not like you know let me knw Playtex. Exactly and then action. So she didn. I. Yeah. I. I don't really but. Related to this Congress. Yeah. So. Certainly shrimp dnmt. If you are dnmt. Therefore programmatically leann. Well. Yes. Mk. It's like that yeah because that that may be nnj. Party. Right. You know lexicon mt or. This multi. The specific harmony have sort of respect. I guess. This word like all. Me such. The obvious shouldn. It's just the system uniformity. So I. So I accepted. Because. Objects. Because. Well since. Mt. Okay composed of. So she decided. Digital. I mean. There isnt. Immigrants dnmt. Sn. Mt. Ennobling back mbmbam. We can't. Then anything else thank you dance like one. Things like. If I were you myself moving into context. Texas. President. But it's not in terms. I. Techniques. But it's more like. It's more like. Big like. Do you like nnj. Like tells. Really. Make. Only dnmt you know goodness or. Vulnerability nnj nge. New kn you know they can. That's like when like you guys like. He never spoke. Me too. Lately differences in those groups of people between you hadn. Sounds. Where. Mt. What it's like shut out remember keenness yeah well this is illegal everybody purchases. Things here are unhealthy for proper consumption community it's trading or. All TV on you really think about nnj. Just like nnj. Humn or I don't know I. We're sorry there is one of the. Good urban dnmt. Depending on nndb. That. Some. Which isnt how. Electric ruefully leave the floor is just
